Update nw-configure-ingress-access-logging.adoc (#79188)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/nw-configure-ingress-access-logging.adoc

[NOTE]
====
The `syslog` destination port must be UDP.

> The `syslog` destination address must be an IP address. It does not support DNS hostname.

Reviewer: Might need clarity about what _It_ is.  Maybe:

```suggestion
The `syslog` destination address must be an IP address. IPv4 does not support DNS hostnames.
```

Author: Hi @mburke5678,

Thanks for looking into it.

The address field does not support the DNS names.
`        syslog:
           address: 1.2.3.4  ----> Only supports IP address
           port: 10514
 `

_IPv4 does not support DNS hostnames._ statement will make logically incorrect.
